tags

electrical, electric, wiring, ceiling, fans, service, panel, local, outlets, switches, dimmers, circuit, breakers, fuse, panels, fans, attic, fans, air, conditioners, advanced, generator, aerial, lift, lights, lighting, emergency, energy, efficient, surge, landscape, lighting, pool, wiring

Links

Home    Services    About Us    Meet the Team    Gallery    Testimonials    Contact

Cover

Expert Electrical Services
A Personalized and Professional Experience
Your Local Electrican

Services

“Yes, we’ll do the small jobs!”

We are your local electrician providing more than 30 years of high quality and dependable service. We specialize in design services for both indoor and outdoor lighting providing beauty, value, security and personal safety for you and your family. 
We specialize in residential and commercial electrical repairs, installations, additions and services including, but not limited to: 

Troubleshooting & repair problems with your electrical wiring
Electrical service upgrades (including fuses to breakers)
Indoor & outdoor lighting
Appliance wiring
Panel replacement
Attic fans, paddle fans & bathroom exhaust fans
Parking lot lights
Emergency down wire repair
Programmable thermostat

Custom lighting
Pool & hot-tub wiring
Surge protection
Whole house fans
Grounding and bonding
Generators
Aerial lift
Air conditioning lines
Electric heating

And much, much more.

About Us

"Wiring is NOT a hobby! Be certain your electrician is licensed AND insured!"

Since 1986, Advanced Electrical Services has been providing residential, commercial and industrial electrical services to the greater New Milford area. Our owner, Tom Fisher, is a Master Electrician with over 35 years of experience as a full service electrical contractor. Dependable and detail oriented, we hire only licensed electricians and state registered apprentices. We are fully licensed and insured, we carry both liability and workmen’s comp. coverage in the State of CT. We have strived to build lasting relationships and trust with our customers through mutual respect, integrity of our workmanship and a commitment to the highest standard of excellence and safety. We are a local New Milford business, owned and operated by Tom, a New Milford native and invested and involved in the local New Milford community. Call us today for a free estimate, your satisfaction is important to us.

Meet the Team

Tom Fisher
President/Owner
E-1 Master Electrican
\"I have over 35 years of experience in the electrical trade.  My experience includes everything from small residential repairs, new construction projects to commercial wiring. I have resided in New Milford for over 56 years and take great pride in my community, my work and my company. I want each and every customer to feel confident that you have put your trust in Kevin and I, who will use our years of experience to advise, repair and protect your home or office, with a team that is dependable and honest. My main objective is a reputation that is built on customer satisfaction and loyalty, making Advanced Electrical Services \"your trusted local electrician.\" I look forward to meeting you and exceeding your expectations.\"

Kevin Ford
Employee
E-2 Electrican
\"I have been with Advanced Electrical Services, Inc. for over 27 years and I truly take the title of \"your local electrician\" to heart. My family has been in New Milford since the 1940’s and with my vast electrical expertise and many years of experience, I too, pride myself in providing exceptional service to my local community and the surrounding towns. Tom and I share a common goal;  to provide quality, reliable and honest electrical services to our customers. I welcome the opportunity to earn your trust and deliver to you the best service possible. Call us today for all of your electrical needs including energy efficient solutions for your home.\"

Testimonials

I have used Tom at Advanced Electric for several jobs. He did all of the necessary electrical work when I finished my basement including getting the permit. He also has completed several smaller jobs with additional lighting, generator panel and exterior lighting and outlets. Tom and his crew are always prompt, neat and do excellent work. I highly recommend this company for all electrical jobs big and small.
-Bill McLanchlan 
5 stars

I have used and referred Advanced Electrical many times over the years.  This local company is knowledgeable, courteous and always leave our house as clean, if not cleaner, than they found it.  
Richard Schipul-
5 stars 

Just a shout out for Tom Fisher at Advanced Electrical Services.  I called with a time emergency and he came first thing the very next day.  Within an hour his work was completed.  Thank you, Tom!
-Michael Gold
5 stars

Footer

Contact
Advanced Electrical Services, Inc.
17 Meredith Ln, 
New Milford, CT 06776
(860) 354-9260
License: E-1#104870

Payment Options
* Most major credit cards accepted.
* Free estimates available.
